README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/api-reference/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/routing/api-routes) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.ts`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/routing/api-routes) instead of React pages.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn-pages-router) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Update README with project features and setup instructions

README.md, after:

# Medthrive Web

A companion app for caregivers to manage patient medications and dosage schedules.

## Features

- **Patient Management** - Create, view, and edit patient profiles with medical details, allergies, emergency contacts, and avatars
- **Medication Management** - Add and manage medications with dosage, quantity, RX numbers, and configurable schedules
- **Dose Tracking** - Track doses as taken/untaken with undo functionality and progress indicators
- **Today's Dashboard** - View all scheduled doses across patients organized by time of day with completion progress
- **Search & Filter** - Find patients quickly by name

## Tech Stack

- **Framework**: Next.js, React, TypeScript
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS, daisyUI
- **API**: tRPC
- **Database**: Drizzle ORM, Neon (PostgreSQL)
- **Testing**: Vitest, React Testing Library

## Getting Started

```bash
pnpm install
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

## Database Setup

Create a `.env` file with your Neon database URL:

```
DATABASE_URL=postgresql://...
```

Push the schema to your database:

```bash
pnpm db:push
```
